Add tutorial to create a resource type in Radius (#1409)
radius-project/docs: docs/content/tutorials/tutorial-resource-type/index.md

---
type: docs
title: "Tutorial: Create a Resource Type in Radius"
linkTitle: "Create resource type"
description: "Learn how to define and deploy a resource type in your Radius application"
weight: 200
categories: ["resource-types"]
---

## Overview

Radius includes several built-in resource types which developers can use to build applications. These include core resource types such as containers, gateways, and secrets. You can also create your own resource types. This tutorial guides you through creating a PostgreSQL resource and deploying the sample Todo List application with PostgreSQL.

{{< image src="todolist.png" alt="Diagram of the Todo List with PostgreSQL" width=600px >}}

## Prerequisites

- [A Kubernetes cluster to host Radius and the Todo List application]({{< ref "/guides/operations/kubernetes/overview" >}})
- [rad CLI]({{< ref "installation#step-1-install-the-rad-cli" >}})
- An OCI compliant registry with anonymous access (private OCI container registries are supported with [additional configuration]({{< ref "/guides/recipes/howto-private-bicep-registry" >}}))

> - The [Bicep extension]({{< ref "installation#step-2-install-the-vs-code-extension" >}}) for VSCode is recommended for Bicep language support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [Bicep extension]({{< ref "installation#step-2-install-the-vs-code-extension" >}}) for VS Code is recommended for Bicep language support
```

## Step 1 : Install Radius and initialize a new environment

1. Begin in a new directory for your application:

   ```bash
   mkdir todolist
   cd todolist
   ```

1. Initialize a new Radius environment:

   *Select 'Yes' when prompted to setup application in the current directory?*

   ```bash
   rad init
   ```

## Step 2 : Create a PostgreSQL resource type in Radius

> To create a PostgreSQL resource type in Radius, you must create the resource type definition and add the resource type to Radius

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a PostgreSQL resource type in Radius, first create the resource type definition then add the resource type to Radius.
```

1. Create a new file called `postgreSQL.yaml` and add the following:

   {{% rad file="snippets/postgreSQL.yaml" lang=YAML embed=true %}}

    The PostgreSQL resource type definition includes:

>     - `name`: The namespace to which the resource type belongs to. This is used to group resource types together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `name`: The namespace of the resource type used to group resource types; must be in the form PrimaryName.SecondaryName
```

>     - `types`: The resource type name. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `types`: The resource type name
```

>     - `apiVersions`: The API version of the resource type. Must be ``2023-10-01-preview`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `apiVersions`: The version of the schema defined below; currently must be `2023-10-01-preview` 
```

    - `schema`: The schema defines the properties of the resource type.

>         - `environment`: The Radius environment in which the resource type is deployed. This property is set by Radius when the resource is deployed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - `environment`: The Radius environment in which the resource type is deployed; this property is set by Radius when the resource is deployed
```

>         - `application`: The application to which the resource belongs to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - `application`: The application to which the resource belongs to
```

Reviewer: If it's a complete sentence, I left the period. If not, I removed the period.

>         - `status`: This is a read-only property that is set by the Recipe that includes connection information to the resource type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - `status`: This is a read-only property that is set by the recipe that includes connection information to the resource type.
```

Author: Recipes is capitalized across docs

    - `capabilities`: This specifies features of the resource type. The only available option is `SupportsRecipes` which indicates that the resource type can be deployed via a recipe.

> 1. Create the resource type using the [rad resource-type]({{< ref rad_resource-type_create >}}) command:

Reviewer: It's weird how this is rendering without a line space above.

Author: weird rendering..added a line break

    ```bash
    rad resource-type create postgreSQL -f postgreSQL.yaml
    ```

## Step 3 : Register a Recipe for the PostgreSQL resource type

> [Recipes]({{< ref "/guides/recipes/overview" >}}) define how resource types are deployed. To deploy the PostgreSQL resource type, you must create a Bicep template and register the template as a Recipe to the Radius environment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Recipes]({{< ref "/guides/recipes/overview" >}}) define how resource types are deployed. To deploy the PostgreSQL resource type, first create a Bicep template and publish it to an OCI registry. Then register the template as a recipe in the Radius environment. 
```

Author: added w/o capitalizing Recipes

 
1. Create a new file called `postgreSQL.bicep` and add the following:

   {{% rad file="snippets/recipes/bicep/postgreSQL.bicep" embed=true %}}
  

>     This defines how the PostgreSQL resource type is deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 1. Publish the Recipe to [GitHub container registry](https://docs.github.com/en/packages/working-with-a-github-packages-registry/working-with-the-container-registry) using the below command. You can use any OCI-compliant registry. Follow this [how-to-guide]({{< ref "/guides/recipes/howto-private-bicep-registry" >}}) if you want to publish to a private registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Publish the recipe to an OCI container registry. The example below uses [GitHub container registry](https://docs.github.com/en/packages/working-with-a-github-packages-registry/working-with-the-container-registry). You must either allow anonymous access to the Bicep template or follow this [how-to-guide]({{< ref "/guides/recipes/howto-private-bicep-registry" >}}) if you want to publish to a private registry.
```

Author: added w/o capitalizing Recipes

    ```bash
    rad bicep publish --file postgreSQL.bicep --target br:ghcr.io/<username>/recipes/postgreSQL:1.0
    ```

> 1. Register the Bicep template as a Recipe to the `default` environment in Radius

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Register the Bicep template as the `default` recipe in the `default` environment (the default environment was created when `rad init` was run)
```

Author: added w/o capitalizing Recipes

    ```bash
    rad recipe register default --environment default --resource-type MyCompany.Resources/postgreSQL --template-kind bicep --template-path ghcr.io/<username>/recipes/postgreSQL:1.0
    ```

>     The Recipe for the PostgreSQL resource type is registered to the `default` environment in Radius.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 1. Verify the Recipe is registered to the `default` environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Verify the recipe is registered to the `default` environment
```

    ```bash
    rad recipe list
    ```
    You should see the Recipe for the PostgreSQL resource type listed in the output.

    ```bash
    RECIPE    TYPE                            TEMPLATE KIND  TEMPLATE VERSION TEMPLATE

>     default   MyCompany.Resources/postgreSQL  bicep                            ghcr.io/reshrahim/recipes/postgres:1.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    default   MyCompany.Resources/postgreSQL  bicep                            ghcr.io/username/recipes/postgres:1.0
```

    ...
    ```

> ## Step 4: Model the PostgreSQL resource-type in your application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 4: Generate a Bicep extension 
```

> [Bicep extensions](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-resource-manager/bicep/bicep-extension) enable you to model and reference resource types that are beyond the scope of Azure. For the core Radius resource types, the Bicep extension is automatically generated and included in the `bicepconfig.json` file. To model the PostgreSQL resource type in your application, you must generate a Bicep extension and add it to the `bicepconfig.json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to the rad CLI and VS Code to be aware of the new PostgreSQL resource type, a [Bicep extensions](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-resource-manager/bicep/bicep-extension) must be generated then added to the `bicepconfig.json` file.
```

Author: rephrased and added

1. Generate the Bicep extension using the [rad bicep publish-extension]({{< ref rad_bicep_publish-extension >}}) command:

    ```bash
    rad bicep publish-extension -f postgreSQL.yaml --target ./mycompany.tgz
    ```

>     The bicep extension `mycompany` is generated and saved to the `mycompany.tgz` file. Open the [`bicepconfig.json`]({{< ref "/guides/tooling/bicepconfig/overview" >}}) file and add the `mycompany` extension to the `extensions` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The bicep extension `mycompany` is generated and saved to the `mycompany.tgz` file. 
    
1. Open the [`bicepconfig.json`]({{< ref "/guides/tooling/bicepconfig/overview" >}}) file and add the `mycompany` extension to the `extensions` section.
```

    ```
    {
        "experimentalFeaturesEnabled": {
            "extensibility": true
        },
        "extensions": {
            "radius": "br:biceptypes.azurecr.io/radius:latest",
            "aws": "br:biceptypes.azurecr.io/aws:latest",
            "mycompany": "./mycompany.tgz"
        }
    }
    ```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 5: Add a PostgreSQL database to the Todo List application
```

1. Open `app.bicep` and add the `mycompany` extension and the PostgreSQL resource type
   
    ```bicep
    extension mycompany
    ```
   {{% rad file="snippets/app.bicep" embed=true marker="//POSTGRESQL" %}}

> 1. Add the connection information for the PostgreSQL resource type to the container as environment variables

Reviewer: Why is there no connection block? `rad app graph` won't work will it?

   {{% rad file="snippets/app.bicep" embed=true marker="//CONTAINER" %}}

> ## Step 5: Deploy the application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 5: Run the application
```

> Use the command below to run the updated application again, then open the browser to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the application using `rad run`. The `rad run` command sets up port forwarding to the application. Visit the application at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).
```

```sh
rad run app.bicep
```

You should see the Radius Connections section with new environment variables added. The `demo` container now has connection information for PostgreSQL (`CONNECTION_POSTGRESQL_HOST`, `CONNECTION_POSTGRESQL_PORT`, etc.)

> {{< image src=todolist_postgresql.png" alt="Todo List with PostgreSQL connection" width=800px >}}

Author: needs update..waiting on https://github.com/radius-project/radius/issues/9089

Author: updated

    ```bash
    rad bicep publish --file postgreSQL.bicep --target br:ghcr.io/<username>/recipes/postgreSQL:1.0
    ```

1. Register the Bicep template as a Recipe to the `default` environment in Radius

    ```bash
    rad recipe register default --environment default --resource-type MyCompany.Resources/postgreSQL --template-kind bicep --template-path ghcr.io/<username>/recipes/postgreSQL:1.0
    ```
    The Recipe for the PostgreSQL resource type is registered to the `default` environment in Radius.

1. Verify the Recipe is registered to the `default` environment

    ```bash
    rad recipe list
    ```
    You should see the Recipe for the PostgreSQL resource type listed in the output.

    ```bash
    RECIPE    TYPE                            TEMPLATE KIND  TEMPLATE VERSION TEMPLATE
    default   MyCompany.Resources/postgreSQL  bicep                            ghcr.io/reshrahim/recipes/postgres:1.0
    ...
    ```

## Step 4: Model the PostgreSQL resource-type in your application

> To model the PostgreSQL resource type in your application, you must generate a [Bicep extension](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-resource-manager/bicep/bicep-extension). Bicep extensions enable you to model and reference resource types that are beyond the scope of Azure. For the core Radius resource types, the Bicep extension is automatically generated and included in the `bicepconfig.json` file.

Author: ```suggestion
[Bicep extensions](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-resource-manager/bicep/bicep-extension) enable you to model and reference resource types that are beyond the scope of Azure. For the core Radius resource types, the Bicep extension is automatically generated and included in the `bicepconfig.json` file. To model the PostgreSQL resource type in your application, you must generate a Bicep extension and add it to the `bicepconfig.json`
```

1. Generate the Bicep extension using the [rad bicep publish-extension]({{< ref rad_bicep_publish-extension >}}) command:

    ```bash
    rad bicep publish-extension -f postgreSQL.yaml --target ./mycompany.tgz
    ```
    The bicep extension `mycompany` is generated and saved to the `mycompany.tgz` file. Open the [`bicepconfig.json`]({{< ref "/guides/tooling/bicepconfig/overview" >}}) file and add the `mycompany` extension to the `extensions` section.

    ```
    {
        "experimentalFeaturesEnabled": {
            "extensibility": true
        },
        "extensions": {
            "radius": "br:biceptypes.azurecr.io/radius:latest",
            "aws": "br:biceptypes.azurecr.io/aws:latest",
            "mycompany": "./mycompany.tgz"
        }
    }
    ```

> 1. Open `app.bicep` and add the `mycompany` extension and the postgreSQL resource type

Author: ```suggestion
1. Open `app.bicep` and add the `mycompany` extension and the PostgreSQL resource type
```

   
    ```bicep
    extension mycompany
    ```
   {{% rad file="snippets/app.bicep" embed=true marker="//POSTGRES" %}}

> 1. Add the connection information for the postgreSQL resource type to the container as environment variables

Author: ```suggestion
1. Add the connection information for the PostgreSQL resource type to the container as environment variables
```

---
type: docs

> title: "Tutorial: Create a Resource Type in Radius"

Reviewer: What is the actual name of this application? I see 

* "Demo" in the samples repo
* "Todo List" in the actual UI
* "Todo App" on https://docs.radapp.io/tutorials/recipes/ and https://docs.radapp.io/guides/recipes/howto-dev-recipes/
* "ToDo List" and "ToDo" on https://docs.radapp.io/tutorials/helm/
* "TODO application" on https://docs.radapp.io/guides/author-apps/dapr/how-to-dapr-secrets/

Please pick one and be consistent across the docs. Please do a separate PR to fix the inconsistencies elsewhere in the docs.

My preference is Todo List since that is used in the UI.

Author: Picked Todo List application. Will update the same across docs in a separate PR

linkTitle: "Create resource type"
description: "Learn how to define and deploy a resource type in your Radius application"
weight: 200
categories: ["resource-types"]
---

> This tutorial will teach you the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Radius includes several built-in resource types which developers can use to built applications. These include core resource types such as containers, gateways, and secrets. You can also create your own resource types. This tutorial guides your through creating a PostgreSQL resource type and modifying sample Todo List application to use PostgreSQL.
```

> 1. Define and create a resource type in Radius

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 1. Register a Recipe for the resource type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 1. Deploy an application using the new resource type 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> In this tutorial, we will create a PostgreSQL resource type and deploy the sample Todo application with PostgreSQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial guides your through creating a PostgreSQL resource type and modifying sample Todo List application to use PostgreSQL.
```

Reviewer: Do not use "we". Use active voice.

> In this tutorial, we will create a PostgreSQL resource type and deploy the sample Todo application with PostgreSQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

{{< image src="todoapp.png" alt="Diagram of the todoapp with postgreSQL" width=600px >}}

## Prerequisites

> - [Supported Kubernetes cluster]({{< ref "/guides/operations/kubernetes/overview" >}})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [A Kubernetes cluster to host Radius and the Todo List application]({{< ref "/guides/operations/kubernetes/overview" >}})
- An OCI container registry with anonymous access (private OCI container registries are supported with [additional configuration](https://red-sea-07f97dc1e-1409.westus2.3.azurestaticapps.net/guides/recipes/howto-private-bicep-registry/))
```

- [rad CLI]({{< ref "installation#step-1-install-the-rad-cli" >}})

> - [Bicep VSCode extension]({{< ref "installation#step-2-install-the-vs-code-extension" >}})

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The [Bicep extension]({{< ref "installation#step-2-install-the-vs-code-extension" >}}) for VS Code is also recommended for the best experience.
```

Author: added with some changes

> ## Step 1 : Initialize a Radius environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 1: Install Radius and scaffold a new application
```

Reviewer: Maybe scaffold is the wrong term here. But "Initialize a Radius environment" doesn't describe what the task actually is. It makes it sound like you're just creating an environment.

Author: How about `Install Radius and initialize a new environment` ?

1. Begin in a new directory for your application:

   ```bash
   mkdir todoapp
   cd todoapp
   ```
   
1. Initialize a new Radius environment:

>    *Select 'Yes' when prompted to create an application.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   *Select Yes when prompted to set up application in the current directory.*
```

   ```bash
   rad init
   ```

> ## Step 2 : Create a resource type in Radius

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 2: Define a PostgreSQL resource type in Radius
```

> Radius supports a set of built-in resource types such as containers, gateways, and secrets out of the box that you can use in your applications. The schema definitions and deployments of these resource types are managed by Radius.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Intro content should be at the openint.

> To create a new resource type in Radius, you need to define the schema so that Radius can extend the APIs to support the new resource type in your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> In this step, we will define the schema for the PostgreSQL resource type in `YAML` and create the resource type to Radius.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create the new PostgreSQL resource type in Radius, you must create the resource type definition create the resource type to Radius.
```

1. Create a new file called `postgres.yaml` and add the following:

   {{% rad file="snippets/postgres.yaml" lang=YAML embed=true %}}

>     This defines the schema for the PostgreSQL resource type. The schema includes the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This PostgreSQL resource type definition includes:
```

    - `name`: The namespace to which the resource type belongs to. This is used to group resource types together.
    - `types`: The resource type name. 

>     - `apiVersions`: The API version of the resource type. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `apiVersions`: The API version of the resource type. Must be `2023-10-01-preview`.
```

>     - `schema`: The schema of the resource type. This defines the properties of the resource type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `schema`: The schema of the resource type which defines the properties developers can specify.
```

Author: added w/o developers part since we don't talk about steps from the personas pov

>         - `environment`: The environment in which the resource type is deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - `environment`: The Radius environment in which the resource type is deployed. This property is set by Radius when the resource is deployed.
```

        - `application`: The application to which the resource belongs to.
        - `status`: This is a read-only property that is set by the Recipe that includes connection information to the resource type.

>     - `capabilities`: This indicates that the resource type supports Recipes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `capabilities`: This specifies features of the resource type. The only available option is `SupportsRecipes` which indicates that the resource type can be deployed via a recipe. 
```

1. Create the resource type using the [rad resource-type]({{< ref rad_resource-type_create >}}) command:

    ```bash

>     rad resource-type create postgreSQLDatabase -f postgreSQL.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    rad resource-type create postgreSQL -f postgreSQL.yaml
```

    ```

>     The resource type `MyCompany.Resources/postgreSQL` is created and Radius will now be able to manage this resource type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ## Step 3 : Register a Recipe for the resource type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 3: Register a recipe for the new resource type
```

> [Recipes]({{< ref "guides/recipes/overview" >}}) define how resource types are deployed. In this step, we will publish a Recipe for the PostgreSQL resource type and register it to the `default` environment in Radius.

Reviewer: Fix use of we

Reviewer: Recipe should not be capitalized

Author: We have capitalized Recipes across the docs as it is a Radius feature and considered a proper noun.

 
1. Create a new file called `postgreSQL.bicep` and add the following:

   {{% rad file="snippets/recipes/bicep/postgreSQL.bicep" embed=true %}}
  
This defines how the PostgreSQL resource type is deployed.

1. Publish the Recipe to an OCI-compliant registry

    ```bash

>     rad bicep publish --file postgreSQL.bicep --target br:ghcr.io/<username>/recipes/postgreSQL:1.0

Reviewer: Do not assume GHCR. Provide instructions which work for any container registry.

Author: Added some more details.

    ```

>     The Recipe is published to GitHub container registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 1. Register the Recipe to the `default` environment in Radius

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Register the Bicep template as a recipe for the `default` environment in Radius
```

    ```bash

>     rad recipe register postgreSQL --environment default --resource-type MyCompany.Resources/postgreSQL --template-kind bicep --template-path ghcr.io/<username>/recipes/postgreSQL:1.0

Reviewer: Doesn't this recipe name need to be `default`?

Author: yes thanks for catching that

    ```
    The Recipe for the PostgreSQL resource type is registered to the `default` environment in Radius.

> 1. Verify the Recipe is registered to the `default` environment

Reviewer: Show the expected output when asking the user to validate a configuration

    ```bash
    rad recipe list
    ```

## Step 4: Model the resource-type in your application

> In this step, we will generate the Bicep extension for the PostgreSQL resource type so that you can model this new resource-type in Bicep.

Reviewer: This Bicep extension stuff needs significant more explanation. What is this? What is it for?

Author: Added some more details

1. Generate the Bicep extension using the [rad bicep publish-extension]({{< ref rad_bicep_publish-extension >}}) command:

    ```bash
    rad bicep publish-extension -f postgreSQL.yaml --target ./mycompany.gz
    ```
    The bicep extension `mycompany` is generated and saved to the `mycompany.gz` file. 

    Open the `bicepconfig.json` file and add the `mycompany` extension to the `extensions` section.

>         ```json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ```
```

            {
                "experimentalFeaturesEnabled": {
                    "extensibility": true
                },
                "extensions": {
                    "radius": "br:biceptypes.azurecr.io/radius:<release-version>",
                    "aws": "br:biceptypes.azurecr.io/aws:<release-version>",

>                     "mycompany": "/todoapp/mycompany.gz"

Reviewer: This path looks wrong

Reviewer: Also probably is .tgz

Author: updated

                }
            }
        ```

> 1. Add the postgreSQL resource type in `app.bicep` file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add a new PostgreSQL resource type in `app.bicep` file
```

   {{% rad file="snippets/app.bicep" embed=true marker="//POSTGRES" %}}

> 1. Add the container with the connection information for the postgreSQL resource type

Reviewer: This is already in the scaffolded app.bicep. Are we adding a frontend resource or modifying the existing demo resource?

Author: updated this to add `env` to demo container definition

   {{% rad file="snippets/app.bicep" embed=true marker="//CONNECTION" %}}

## Step 5: Deploy the application

Use the command below to run the updated application again, then open the browser to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

```sh
rad run app.bicep
```

> You should see the Radius Connections section with new environment variables added. The `todoappcontainer` container now has connection information for PostgreSQL (`CONNECTION_POSTGRES_HOST`, `CONNECTION_POSTGRES_PORT`, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should see the Radius Connections section with new environment variables added. The `frontend` container now has connection information for PostgreSQL (`CONNECTION_POSTGRES_HOST`, `CONNECTION_POSTGRES_PORT`, etc.)
```

> {{< image src="todoapp_postgres.png" alt="Todoapp with postgreSQL connection" width=800px >}}

Reviewer: I wish we were consistent on PostgreSQL or Postgres. Since Posgres is a nickname, we should stick with PostgreSQL.

Author: Updated all references to PostgreSQL

> ## Next steps

Reviewer: Are there next steps? If not, we don't need this section. What should the read do next? Read about something else? Watch a video? Anything?

Author: We don't have anything at the moment to link that ll be useful. When we have more resources can link it here

1. Create a new file called `main.tf` and add the following:

   {{% rad file="snippets/recipes/terraform/main.tf" embed=true %}}
   
   Learn more about Authoring Terraform Modules as Recipes in this [how-to-guide]({{< ref "/guides/recipes/howto-author-recipes" >}}).

1. Follow the documentation on [Publish modules](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/registry/modules/publish) to set up and publish the postgreSQL Terraform module to a Terraform registry. If you want to pull Terraform modules from a private registry, follow the how-to-guide on [pulling Terraform modules from a private registry](https://docs.radapp.io/guides/recipes/terraform/howto-private-registry/)

1. Register the Terraform module as the `default` Recipe in the `default` environment (the default environment was created when `rad init` was run)

    ```bash
    rad recipe register default --environment default --resource-type MyCompany.Resources/postgreSQL --template-kind terraform --template-path git::<path to your tf module>
    ```
    For eg: if you have the terraform module in a git repository `terraform-recipes/kubernetes/postgres`, the command would look like this:
    
    ```bash 

>     rad recipe register default --environment default --resource-type MyCompany.Resources/postgreSQL --template-kind terraform --template-path https://github.com/<org/name>/terraform-recipes.git//kubernetes/postgres

Author: ```suggestion
    rad recipe register default --environment default --resource-type MyCompany.Resources/postgreSQL --template-kind terraform --template-path https://github.com/<org-name/user-name>/terraform-recipes.git//kubernetes/postgres
```
